It's been more than ten years, and you're still pretending?
The whole class knows that you like me
But it's not your fault.
Who made me beautiful?
You are just one of my many pursuers
It's all so big
I won't say it
Oh, you're here to visit, right?
The mall is ahead
This is the office area.
If you want to visit
I've found the right person
I am now a staff member of Star and Moon Fairy Tales
You can ask me if you want to know anything.
I don't mind introducing you when I'm free
Little by little
You work here?
You heard right
I am now a regular employee of Star Moon Fairy Tale
This is a golden rice bowl
If you come with the intention of hugging me
I suggest you get rid of this idea
My boyfriend is the manager of the purchasing account.
If it weren't for this relationship
Many people want to get in but can't get in
As for you
If it doesn't matter, forget it.
This is not a cat or a dog
A place where you can come to work
So you work in global procurement
You are not stupid
My monthly salary 20,000
There is a bonus at the end of the year
I only need to come to the office clock in occasionally
Don't do anything
It's easy.
But I remember you didn't go to college.
You haven't studied purchasing management.
You work like this
The company doesn't care
There is my boyfriend
Who would say anything about me?
Anyway, I'm glad
I didn't choose any of you in the first place
Otherwise I'll miss my boyfriend
Such a good man
Oh, by the way, my boyfriend will pick me up later.
I will send you a kind heart to get to know you.
By the way, I will show you the advanced level of Xingyue Fairy Tale
Hey, dear.
Are you tired of coming down to pick me up in person?
Xingyue Fairy Tales' new luxury merchants
Let's go shopping in a while, okay? We don't need to go.
This is what they just honored me today.
Well, husband, you are so kind.
There are outsiders
And this is...